Team Jewish Students Association - Jacob Kirmayer, Sophia Eiden, Ameer Alnasser
APCS
LAB08 -- data
2022-04-05
time spent: 0.75 hrs


DISCO


QCC


Act. 1
1. Instagram, Facebook
2. clicking habits (for ad tracking), location(also for ads!)
3. delimited means having limits; this helps data processing by being able to separate values in a readable manner
4. Column name? accessor methods?? This is a vague question.
5. Law, psychology
6. How does the application of the law interfere with theoretical ideals of justice?
   In what ways do cognitive biases affect our understanding of a situation?
7. For the second question, we found Psychological and Behavioral Effects of Bias- and Non-Bias-Motivated Assault in Boston, Massachusetts, 1992-1997 and MCPD Bias Incidents
8. The larger the data set, the more precise the conclusions we can draw from them.
9. For better or worse, more data tracking will create a more tailored online experience that can more quickly increase customer satisfaction - whether or not this hyper-specificity is beneficial or not stands to be debated.
10.It was from a government database, so we can assume it was collected systematically from the sources.
11.Not really. It is not good to cede our right to privacy to private corporations.

Act. 2
1. Brand or type
2. ---
3. Brand / Type
4. 15? however many columns there are
5. ints, floats, strings
6,7. ---
8. What is the highest rated cereal brand?
9. Which is the most nutritionally dense cereal?
10. We could add a nutritional value instance variable.

Act. 3
1. The temperature at Atlanta, Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport, GA is 72.0F
2. KABQ, The temperature at Albuquerque, Albuquerque International Airport, NM is 62.0F
3. ---
4. 48 objects
5. By latitude or longitude
6. The most south station is NSTU: Pago Pago, AS, Samoa
7. What is the most northern weather station?
8. Just switch south to north and flip the inequality. :)



<TNPG>'s CSV FLOW:
<insert your description of your tools and workflow in creating, editing CSV files>


TRUBZ
<this lab involves using tools that are likely to introduce hiccups; log any troubleshooting issues here>
